---
title: lorem-ipsum
page_css_class: lorem-ipsum
white_header: false
sections:
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    headline: Büt Support
    subtitle: |
      Answers to all of your Büt needs.



      Please scroll to see our FAQ, Terms of Condition, and Privacy Policy.
    type: header_section
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    questions:
      - question: How do I contact the BCI team?
        answer: >
          You can reach us multiple ways!




          Call our customer support at +1-555-288-2267 or email us at
          info@bütcamp.com.




          If you're in the area, you can even stop by our offices at:


          357 Fannypack Dr. 


          Blacksburg, VA 24061
      - question: What is your return policy?
        answer: >
          We’ll accept return requests for items that are unopened, unused, with
          the original tags still intact. The product(s) must be in their
          original packaging, if applicable, in the same condition it was
          received.


          We do not accept opened items.


          If you wish to return your item, we must receive your request within
          **30 days** of the date you received your item.


          Once we receive your returned item, our team will review your request
          and inspect the item. We will send you an email to confirm that we’ve
          received your item and are processing your request. We’ll follow up
          with another email once the request has been processed to let you know
          if your return was approved.


          If approved, the money will be refunded to your original method of
          payment within two weeks. All payment companies are different in the
          amount of time it takes to confirm a payment, so it will likely take a
          minimum of a few days for the refund to show up in your bank
          statement.
      - question: How long will my tent last?
        answer: >
          Unopened, the BütCamp tent will last 5-10 years depending on exposure
          to air and light. Store this item in a cool, dark space.


          Once opened, the BütCamp tent will last approximately 7 days or less.
          You will begin to see degradation around that time, and significant
          degradation after 30 days. This product is designed to be temporary
          and biodegradeable. 
      - question: Is this product harmful to the environment?
        answer: >+
          Absolutely not!




          The material we use is called polylactic acid (PLA) and is 100%
          biodegradeable. See our[ PLA FAQ](/faq) page for more information!

      - question: What are your shipping options?
        answer: >
          We offer various options for shipping based on your needs.


          In the US we offer standard, expedited, one-day, and economy shipping.


          Outside of the US we offer standard and expedited international
          shipping.
      - question: When will I receive my order?
        answer: >
          Domestic orders take 2-3 business days to process and 5-7 business
          days to ship, depending on your shipping choice.




          International orders take 2-3 business days to process and 14-21
          business days to ship, depending on your shipping choice.
      - question: What do I do if I never receive my order?
        answer: >
          If you do not receive your order within the timeframe provided in your
          receipt, please contact our customer support at +1-555-288-2267 or
          email us at info@bütcamp.com immediately.
      - question: Can I make changes on a placed order?
        answer: >
          You can make changes on orders that have not shipped. This status will
          be visible on the orders page. Once shipped, you will need to request
          a return.
      - question: 'I forgot my password, what do I do?'
        answer: >
          If you forget your password, first attempt to recover your password
          through your email by clicking the "forgot password" button. If you
          have further issues, please call our customer support at
          +1-555-288-2267 or email us at info@bütcamp.com.
      - question: How do I send in additional feedback?
        answer: >
          In addition to calling and emailing us, you can also fill out our
          [**Feedback Form**](https://forms.gle/4BaSyFgsWs73BsVN7)! Include the
          topic of the form and your feedback. This can be anonymous.
    type: faq_section
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    bulletpoints:
      - title: Terms & Conditions
        description: "AGREEMENT TO TERMS\\<br />\\<br />These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and Büt Camp, Inc., doing business as BCI (\"BCI\", “we”, “us”, or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the \\[]\\(https://xn--btcamp-3ya.com/)! website as well as any other media\n\n\n\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). We are registered in\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ Virginia, United States and have our registered office at 357 Fannypack Dr., Blacksburg, VA 24061. You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read,\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ updating the “Last updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. Please ensure that you\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ check the applicable Terms every time you use our Site so that you understand which Terms apply. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Terms of Use are\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ posted.The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.BCI has B Corporation, International Organizations of Standards. (2020). 5912:2020 Camping tents — Requirements and test methods (ISO Standard No. 72895)., ASTM Standard D6400 - 19, “Standard Specification for Labeling of Plastics Designed to be Aerobically Composted in Municipal or Industrial Facilities.\" and GDPR certification.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n\_ \_ \_ \_ The Site is intended for users who are at least 18 years old. Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to use or register for the Site.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n2.\_INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nUnless otherwise indicated, the Site is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, international copyright laws, and international conventions. The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nProvided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Site, the Content and the Marks.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n3.\_USER REPRESENTATIONS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nBy using the Site, you represent and warrant that: (1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete; (2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary;\_(3) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Use;\_(4) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (5) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (6) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (7) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).\\<br />\\<br />\n\n4.\_USER REGISTRATION\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou may be required to register with the Site. You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a username you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n6.\_PRODUCTS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe make every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products available on the Site. However, we do not guarantee that the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, or free of other errors, and your electronic display may not accurately reflect the actual colors and details of the products.\_All products are subject to availability, and we cannot guarantee that items will be in stock. We reserve the right to discontinue any products at any time for any reason. Prices for all products are subject to change.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n6.\_PURCHASES AND PAYMENT\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe accept the following forms of payment:\n\n\\- Visa\n\n\\- Mastercard\n\n\\- American Express\_\n\n\\- Discover \_\n\n\\- PayPal\n\n\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Site. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Sales tax will be added to the price of purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be\_in U.S. dollars.You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees, and you authorize us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon placing your order. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes in pricing, even if we have already requested or received payment.We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Site. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n7.\_RETURN\_POLICY\n\n\\<br />\\<br />\n\nPlease review our Return Policy posted on the Site prior to making any purchases.\\<br />\\<br />\_\n\n8.\_PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.As a user of the Site, you agree not to:Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nCircumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.Use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nAttempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.Attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nCopy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.Except as permitted by applicable law, decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.Use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Site.Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n\n\n\nUse the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nSell or otherwise transfer your profile.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n9.\_USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nThe Site does not offer users to submit or post content. We may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, \"Contributions\"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Site and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated in accordance with the Site Privacy Policy. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:\_\_\_The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYour Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYour Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYour Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors;\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYour Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.Any use of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site and the Marketplace Offerings.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n10.\_CONTRIBUTION LICENSE\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou and Site agree that we may access, store, process, and use any information and personal data that you provide following the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding the Site, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n11.\_GUIDELINES FOR REVIEWS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe may provide you areas on the Site to leave reviews or ratings. When posting a review, you must comply with the following criteria: (1) you should have firsthand experience with the person/entity being reviewed; (2) your reviews should not contain offensive profanity, or abusive, racist, offensive, or hate language; (3) your reviews should not contain discriminatory references based on religion, race, gender, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, or disability; (4) your reviews should not contain references to illegal activity; (5) you should not be affiliated with competitors if posting negative reviews; (6) you should not make any conclusions as to the legality of conduct; (7) you may not post any false or misleading statements; and (8) you may not organize a campaign encouraging others to post reviews, whether positive or negative.We may accept, reject, or remove reviews in our sole discretion. We have absolutely no obligation to screen reviews or to delete reviews, even if anyone considers reviews objectionable or inaccurate. Reviews are not endorsed by us, and do not necessarily represent our opinions or the views of any of our affiliates or partners. We do not assume liability for any review or for any claims, liabilities, or losses resulting from any review. By posting a review, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, assignable, and sublicensable right and license to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit by any means, display, perform, and/or distribute all content relating to review.\_\_\\<br />\\<br />\n\n12.\_SUBMISSIONS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site or the Marketplace Offerings (\"Submissions\") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You hereby waive all moral rights to any such Submissions, and you hereby warrant that any such Submissions are original with you or that you have the right to submit such Submissions. You agree there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions.\n\n\\<br />\\<br />13.\_SITE MANAGEMENT\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n14.\_PRIVACY POLICY\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy:\_https://xn--btcamp-3ya.com/support/ (below). By using the Site or the Marketplace Offerings, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use. Please be advised the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are hosted in the United States. If you access the Site or the Marketplace Offerings from any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of the Site, you are transferring your data to the United States, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n15.\_TERM AND TERMINATION\\<br />\\<br />\n\nThese Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND\_ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.\\<br />\\<br />\n\nIf we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n16.\_MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Marketplace Offerings without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings.We cannot guarantee the Site and the Marketplace Offerings will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Site or the Marketplace Offerings at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Site or the Marketplace Offerings during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings. Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or the Marketplace Offerings or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n17.\_GOVERNING LAW\\<br />\\<br />\n\nThese Terms of Use and your use of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within\_the Commonwealth of Virginia,\_without regard to its conflict of law principles. \\<br />\\<br />\n\n18.\_DISPUTE RESOLUTION\\<br />\\<br />\n\nInformal NegotiationsTo expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to these Terms of Use (each \"Dispute\" and collectively, the “Disputes”) brought by either you or us (individually, a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”), the Parties agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least sixty (60) days before initiating arbitration. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the other Party.Binding ArbitrationIf the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (\"AAA\") and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (\"AAA Consumer Rules\"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by either Party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except where otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the arbitration will take place in\_ United States, Virginia. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.If for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the\_state and federal courts\_located in Virginia, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) are excluded from these Terms of Use.In no event shall any Dispute brought by either Party related in any way to the Site be commenced more than one (1) years after the cause of action arose. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.RestrictionsThe Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.Exceptions to Informal Negotiations and ArbitrationThe Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n19.\_CORRECTIONS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nThere may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to the Marketplace Offerings, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time, without prior notice.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n20.\_DISCLAIMERTHE SITE IS PROVIDED\\<br />\\<br />\n\n\n\n\nON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n\n\n\n21.\_LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US\_DURING THE six (6) mONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING\_.\_CERTAIN US STATE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.\\<br />\\<br />22.\_INDEMNIFICATION\\<br />\\<br />\n\nYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) use of the Site; (2) breach of these Terms of Use; (3) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (4) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (5) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n23.\_USER DATA\\<br />\\<br />\n\nWe will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n24.\_ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES\\<br />\\<br />\n\nVisiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.\\<br />\\<br />\n\n25.\_CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nIf any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.26.\_\\<br />\\<br />\n\nMISCELLANEOUS\\<br />\\<br />\n\nThese Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or in respect to the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Site. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Use.27.\_\\<br />\\<br />\n\nCONTACT US\\<br />\\<br />\n\nIn order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site, please contact us at:Büt Camp, Inc.357 Fannypack Dr.\\<br />\\<br />Blacksburg, VA 24061\\<br />\\<br />United States\\<br />\\<br />Phone: +1-555-288-2267\_\\<br />\\<br />Email:info@bütcamp.com\n"
      - title: Privacy Policy
        description: "Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://xn--btcamp-3ya.com/, and Büt Camp, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Büt Camp, Inc. include https://xn--btcamp-3ya.com/ and BCI. The BCI website is a ecommerce site. By using the BCI website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.\r\n\_\r\n**Privacy Compliance Certification**\r\nBCI has B Corporation, International Organizations of Standards. (2020). 5912:2020 Camping tents — Requirements and test methods (ISO Standard No. 72895)., ASTM Standard D6400 - 19, “Standard Specification for Labeling of Plastics Designed to be Aerobically Composted in Municipal or Industrial Facilities.\" and GDPR certification.\r\n\_\r\n**Collection of your Personal Information**\r\nIn order to better provide you with products and services offered, BCI may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:\r\n\_\r\n\_-\tFirst and Last Name\r\n\_-\tMailing Address\r\n\_-\tE-mail Address\r\n\_\r\nIf you purchase BCI's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.\r\n\_\r\nWe do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services. These may include: (a) registering for an account; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.\r\n\_\r\n**Use of your Personal Information**\r\nBCI collects and uses your personal information to operate and deliver the services you have requested.\r\n\_\r\nBCI may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from BCI and its affiliates.\r\n\_\r\n**Sharing Information with Third Parties**\r\nBCI does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.\r\n\_\r\nBCI may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to BCI, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.\r\n\_\r\nBCI may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BCI or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BCI; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of BCI, or the public.\r\n\_\r\n**Tracking User Behavior**\r\nBCI may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within BCI, in order to determine what BCI services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within BCI to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.\r\n\_\r\n**Automatically Collected Information**\r\nInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by BCI. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the BCI website.\r\n\_\r\n**Use of Cookies**\r\nThe BCI website may use \"cookies\" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.\r\n\_\r\nOne of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize BCI pages, or register with BCI site or services, a cookie helps BCI to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same BCI website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the BCI features that you customized.\r\n\_\r\nYou have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the BCI services or websites you visit.\r\n\_\r\n**Security of your Personal Information**\r\nBCI secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. BCI uses the following methods for this purpose:\r\n\_\r\n\_-\tSSL Protocol\r\n\_-\tData Trust\r\n\_\r\nWhen personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.\r\n\_\r\nWe strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.\r\n\_\r\n**Right to Deletion**\r\nSubject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:\r\n•\tDelete your personal information from our records; and\r\n•\tDirect any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.\r\n\_\r\nPlease note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:\r\n•\tComplete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;\r\n•\tDetect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;\r\n•\tDebug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;\r\n•\tExercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;\r\n•\tComply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;\r\n•\tEngage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;\r\n•\tEnable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;\r\n•\tComply with an existing legal obligation; or\r\n•\tOtherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.\r\n\_\r\n**Children Under Thirteen**\r\nBCI does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.\r\n\_\r\n**E-mail Communications**\r\nFrom time to time, BCI may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.\r\n\_\r\nIf you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from BCI, you may opt out of such communications by emailing us at info@bütcamp.com.\r\n\_\r\n**External Data Storage Sites**\r\nWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.\r\n\_\r\n**Changes to this Statement**\r\nBCI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, and/or by updating any privacy information. Your continued use of the website and/or Services available after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.\r\n\_\r\n**Contact Information**\r\nBCI welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that BCI has not adhered to this Statement, please contact BCI at:\r\n\_\r\nBüt Camp, Inc.\r\n357 Fannypack Dr.\r\nBlacksburg, Virginia 24061\r\n\_\r\nEmail Address:\r\ninfo@bütcamp.com\r\n\_\r\nTelephone number:\r\n\\+1-555-288-2267\r\n\_\r\n**Effective as of December 01, 2021**\n"
    type: bulletpoints_section
  - section_id: lorem-ipsum
    address: '357 Fannypack Dr. Blacksburg, VA 24061'
    phone: +1-555-288-2267
    email: info@bütcamp.com
    mapUrl: 'https://goo.gl/maps/g6za62bN9BHrNTVt5'
    type: contact_section
seo:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: []
  extra: []
layout: advanced
---
